ACCOUNTANT I
Accomplishments

° Military Training Certificate, 2005; PNC Conversation: Deep Dive into Savings and Investment training 2012; Operational and Soundness
Training 2013; Employee of the month (November) at PNC Bank 2011; Employee of the Quarter at PNC Bank 2011; Retail Banking
Achievement Award 2012;.

° NMLS- Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System, 2013.

© Supervision
Supervised team of two staff members.A

Professional Summary

Detail-oriented Accountant with 5 years effectively maintaining accurate accounting information for large-scale financial organizations.

Skills
© Superior attention to detail . . .
: . . e Accounting operations professional
n aro CRE MAY Gash flow aoabsis ,
ao ihe makes expert . © Data trending knowledge
° Selfmotivated professional Advanced bookkeeping skill

© Strong communication skills

Work History
Accountant II, 02/2017 to Current
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© Responsible for preparing and posting entries for the daily posting packet.

© Verifies and balances system originated interfaces and posts non-system generated transactions prepared from other sources.

e System originated interfaces refers to the Credit Union owned system as well as external systems, such as shared branching and ATM
transaction networks.

© A monitor flow of credit union transactions from the various supporting systems into and out of the general ledger daily, and identifies and

resolves errors, omissions, and irregularities to provide accurate records for TFCU and its service organizations.

Calculates and posts month end and year-end accruals as needed.

Responsible for maintaining fixed assets and prepaid sub-ledger accounts.

Prepares budget variance reports for various departments as assigned.

Works with that department manager in preparation of annual budget.

Responds to inquiries ftom that manager regarding budgeted and actual expenses.

Prepares analyses as requested by manager and other departments.

Manages the accounts payable finction - including employee/volunteer reimbursement - from processing incoming invoices, through cost

center coding, approval by appropriate party, input into the system, to check preparation and mailing,

Identifies vendors requiring an IRS Form 1099 and prepares the form and transmittal.

© Manages the Corporate VISA accounts for managers and volunteers, including ordering and canceling cards, processing corporate Visa
accounts for payment, and resolving discrepancies.

e Along with other Finance Department staff processes outgoing and incoming wires, verifies those wires have all required documentation,
and works with branch staff to ensure incoming wires are posted and resolve issues.

© Responsible for assisting with the preparation of financial statements.

Accountant , 06/2015 to 02/2017
Company Name 4€“ City , State

© 40hrs Coordinate and supervise employees within Accounts Payable interacting with intemal customers and external suppliers monitoring all
controls.

© Oversee employee business expense processing for multiple business units leading projects such as system testing and implementation.

© Communicate accounting policies practices and procedures with department manager's vendors and internal customers to ensure
compliance.

© Maintains knowledge ofall Credit Union processes which affect the general ledger, including share drafis, ACH, wire transfers, ATM,
Federal Reserve, and Credit Cards.

© Responsible for reconciliation of the clearing accounts, including vault, transfer, on us, bond clearing and cashier check clearmg among it's

stock ownership.

Responsible for preparing month end and posting entries.

Responsible for assisting with the preparation of financial statements.

Prepare verified processed and maintained a variety of order reconciliation functions.

Use office automated systems to input data generate reports conduct investigations and respond to inquiries.

Maintains records for vendors and accounts payable, including 1099s and corporate Visa accounts.

Accountant , 08/2013 to 06/2015
Company Name 4€“ City , State
