ACCOUNTANT
Executive Profile

Capable Accountant successfull at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge of
accounting software and processes. Team-orientedA who prepares clear, comprehensive financial reports for executive-level management.
Dynamic and highly qualified with extensive knowledge of accounting principles.

Professional Value Offered

© Researched and resolved billing problems that had been previously missed.

© Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.

e° Maintained accurate accounts including cash inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.

© Knowledge of double-entry accountng method and cash-basis accounting method.

Skills
© Analytical reasoning ° Effective time management
© Budget forecasting expertise e Advanced computer proficiency (PC and Mac)
© Account reconciliation expert ° Strong organizational skills
© Financial planner ° Excellent managerial techniques
Work Experience
04/2017 to Current

Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting software. Performed field audits on
wide variety of clientele using Quick Books System. Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of
bank transactions. Completed monthly, quarterly and annual bank reconciliations for more than two dozenA companies. Managed accounting
operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations. Aligned all financial activity with the regulations of the GAAP.

02/2017 to Current
Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Evaluated accounting requirements during discovery meetings with potential clients Provided reliable and timely project by project expense,
capitalization, amortization and spend data for all departments. Tracked all capital spending against approved capital requests.

10/2016 to 04/2017
Bookkeeper Company Name 14 City , State

Updated confidential employee banking information with accuracy and speed. Maintained accounts receivable documentation electronically and on
paper. Increased efficiency and alleviated work loads by creating a new Excel financial recording system. Entered weekly sales and customer
count sheets for review by management. Processed payroll, electronic deposits and employee pay adjustments. Researched and resolved
collections and billing disputes with tact and efficiency.

10/2016 to 04/2017
Controller Assistant Company Name 14 City , State

Maintained compliance with company and legal requirements. Completed quarterly and yearly audits. Systematically prepared documents and
assembled financial statements for independent auditors. Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures.
Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts while under tight deadlines. Collaborated extensively with auditors during
prelimmnary and year-end audit processes.

05/2010 to 08/2016
Controller Company Name 1% City , State

Restructured and analyzed Profit Software System to improve budget reporting. Thoroughly reviewed financial statements and tax audits to correct
any discrepancies. Revised and streamlined inefficient work procedures with automation software. Educated management on strategies for
minimizing tax liability. Reviewed all tax retums prepared by individual departments before approval. Supplied detailed tax documentation needed

to submit accurate corporate retums. Reviewed program needs and recruited qualified staff

Language Skills

° Bilingual SpanislyEnglish
© Fluent reading/writing Portuguese.

Certifications and Credentials

Certified Public Accountant CPA - # 138.882 (2014-2015 Venezuela)
