PAYROLL ACCOUNTANT

Summary

Sixteen years experience reconciling the general ledger system, four years experience in accounts payable and eleven years experience in accounts
receivable. Good organizational skills and detailed oriented.

Highlights

© FAS Asset Accounting

© Quickbooks ° ee

° Anytime Scheduler 5 Cutbok

° KRONOS o Tetemet Eeslorer

e Munis ERX

° MAS90

° JD Edwards © Netscape Messenger
Experience

Payroll Accountant 07/2006 to Current Company Name City , State

© Answered employee questions regarding pay and resolved any issues and discrepancies

e Advised managers on organizational policy matters and recommend needed changes..

© Processed and submitted Teacher Retirement reports and payments

© Updated confidential employee banking information with accuracy and speed

© Ran the monthly and bi-weekly payroll process.

© Reviewed salary changes stemming ftom merit increases, promotions, and pay adjustments.

Accountant 04/2002 to 06/2006 Company Name City , State

© Verified details of transactions, including finds received and total account balances.

Coded the general ledger and processed vendor invoice payments.

Deposited third party checks, as well as monthly reserve transfers.

Balanced batch summary reports for verification and approval.

Researched and resolved billing and invoice problems.

Maintained detailed administrative and procedural processes to improve accuracy and efficiency.
Provided support for owner and sales team in managing operation work flow.

Handled cash and deposits using the proper accounting procedures and documentation.
Researched and resolved collections and billing disputes with tact and efficiency.

Set up, tested and configured networks, desktops, laptops and printers.

Staff Accountant 07/2001 to 03/2002 Company Name City , State

© Prepare consolidated financial statements.

© Reconcile fixed asset system with general ledger.

© Runand nuke journal entries for depreciation of fixed assets.
° Transition financials and fixed assets due to merger with PRG.

Staff Accountant 01/2000 to 06/2001 Company Name City , State

© Process billing and cash receipts.

© Reconcile accounts receivable general ledger account.

© Verified/requested insurance coverage on all equipment.
© Processed journal entries.

© Prepared reports for the Board of Directors.

© Prepared weekly reports for creditors and Controller.

Accounts Receivable Administrator 01/1999 to 12/1999 Company Name City , State

© Processed cash receipts and credit card payments.
© Reconciled general ledger account.
© Reviewed new accounts for credit.

Contracts Processor 02/1993 to 12/1998 Company Name City , State

Audited customer contracts

Verified and billed contracts billing fixed price

Assisted project managers in closing out contracts

Assisted with both, internal and external, audits

Trained personnel in Raleigh, NC on processing contracts

Reconciled state accounts Assisted marketing in collecting large dollar invoices
