STAFF ACCOUNTANT

Ss

Professional accountant with an outstanding work ethic and integrity seeking to make a valuable contribution utilizing strong analytical,
organizational, communication, and computer skills. Summa Cum Laude graduate with BBA in Accounting *Eight years of accounting experience
*Three years of public accounting experience in governmental auditing *Five years of private industry accounting and tax experience *Experience
utilizmg Microsoft Office, Microsoft Dynamics AX, CaseWare, Ohio Auditor of State GAAP Reporting System, OneSource, SBT, SysPro, and
Crystal Reports *Ohio Notary Public (Commission expires February 15, 2021)

Skills
© Analytical reasoning © Strong organizational skills
© Compliance testing knowledge ° General ledger accounting
© Effective time management © Superior research skills
© Public and private accounting © Flexible team player
Experience
Staff Accountant

January 2016 to Current Company Name 1 City , State

Responsible for managing collections from customers by evaluating payment plans, payment history and, ifneed be, contacting a company's
collections department to receive payment.

Overseeing customer accounts and maintaining working relationships between a company and its clients are essential tasks for an accounts
receivable clerk.

generate weekly financial reports to track all accounts receivable.

This includes totaling all revenue and unpaid receivables and constantly keeping financial records up to date.

assist with month-end closing.

generate and send out invoices.

review AR aging to ensure compliance.

investigate and resolve customer queries.

Communicate with clients about billng discrepancies and questions.

Initiate collections on past-due accounts.

Assist with sales and use tax audits and correspondence.

Senior Accountant
January 2016 to January 2016 Company Name 14 City , State

Responsible for the preparation of financial statements in accordance with either generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) or ona
cash basis for governmental entities.

Prepared asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information.

Reconciled financial discrepancies by collectng and evaluating account information.

Maintained accounting controls by preparing and recommending policies and procedures.

Developed familiarity with working papers, report formats, and accounting systems of the client.

Preserved good working relationships with clients.

Assisted on audits as needed.

Tax Analyst
January 2012 to January 2015 Company Name 14 City , State

Responsible for preparing sales and use tax returns as well as other tax-related filings including, but not limited to, business licenses, annual
reports, and business registrations.

Analysis, formatting, and reporting of sales tax for multiple states for main company and subsidiaries.

Research various technical tax issues.

Assist with sales and use tax audits and correspondence.

Personal property taxes and annual returns for multiple states.

Analysis and preparation of local income tax retums utilizing OneSource tax software.

Registration and dissolution of entities with Secretaries of State for income and sales tax purposes.

Manage and complete other projects as needed.

Staff Accountant I
January 2009 to January 2011 Company Name 14 City , State

Responsible for analysis of financial information and preparation of financial reports to determine and maintain records of assets, liabilities,
profits and losses, tax liabilities, and other financial activities.

Responsible for monthly and year-end closing.

Preparation of financial statements.

Managerrent of fixed assets.

Analysis and reporting of sales tax for multiple states for main company and subsidiaries.

Conduct weekly cash projections for main company and subsidiaries.
