ASSISTANT ACCOUNTANT

Summary

Accountant/Business Consultant Objectives; Dynamic, creative and proactive Accountant seeking a long-term opportunity within the business
community, where my professional, experience, education, and abilities would be advantageous to the growth of my employer and my self Profile
Summary *ACCA Finalist *Qualified Diploma in Accountancy with 10 years Financial Accounting, Public Finance and Financial Management
experience

Skills

Financial Management
Financial Performance assessment
Financial Planning

Accounting
Compliance/Auditing/Assurance
Cash Management

Budgeting

Financial Reporting

Cash Flow Statements

Business consultant/Advisor
Business Management

oo0d[c8CmhUCOMUCOWUCUCOWUCUCOOWUlCUCOUlUCU

Accomplishments
High Integrity.

Good sense of customer care.

Good judgment and decision-nuking skills ACHIVEMENTS.

Best Cashier in Barclays Bank Zambia Limited in 2002.

Best Back Office Clerk in Barclays Bank Zambia Limited in 2003 REFEREES 1.

Anna Mwinga Corporate Affairs and Human Resources Manager National Milling Company P.O Box 31980 Lusaka Tel: 211 221149
Cell: 0977 757437 2.

© Moses Simpokolwe Human Resources and Administrative Officer National Science and Technology Council.

Experience
09/2005 to Current

Assistant Accountant Company Name

Government of the Republic of Zambia.

Reporting to the Accountant.

Functions include:.

Closing of monthly accounts and preparing financial statements for submission to the council (Board of Directors).

Scrutinizing source documents for completeness, accuracy and validity.

Extracting details of expenditure, assets and liability from accounting system in order to analyze and verify accuracy and validity.

Preparing worksheets and assisting with the preparations of financial statements.

Monitoring of expenditure and ensure they remain within authorized levels.

Examining the validity ofrequests for increase in imprest levels.

Preparing disbursement vouchers to replenish imprest.

Auditing various accounting transactions, e.g payroll, education grants payments, travel claim, to ensure correctness of disbursements and

adherence to relevant staffrules, financial regulations, admmistrative instructions and practices.

© Process payments to vendors for goods and services, including calculating, imputing and checking payments for correctness and
communicating any discrepancies to supervisors.

© Computing staff entitlements and processing payments to staff members regarding their entitlements, including salaries, claims, allowances
and monthly subsistence allowances.

© Reconciling bank statements for both local and foreign currencies by comparing transactions recorded on bank statements with accounting

reports of the council clarifying any interpreting variances that may arise.

Serving as approving officer for disbursements up to an authorized level.

Providing guidance and training to colleagues as required.

Verifying staff loans and advances.

Preparing memorandum to various offices and sectors.

Determine and verify salary data and generate reports.

Certify, validate and update the payroll.

Calculating end of contract gratuity and end ofservice benefits and payment of these benefits.

Responding to queries ftom staff members and internal auditors.

Monitoring and reviewing methods utilized to remit payments.

Supervising investigations ofnon- receipt of payments.

Assisting cashier in the daily operation of the cashier's unit responsible for the transfer of payments from the Ministry of Science and

Vocational Traming.

© Reviewing incoming payments instructions with regards to banking details and sources of finds.
