SUPERVISOR, ACCOUNTANT

Professional Summary

Motivated sales professional with 10+ years sales representative experience. Customer service and sales expert. Qualified with 10 plus years in
fast-paced customer service and call center environments. Warehouse Worker with 1 year. Machine Operator with 5 years experience reviewing
work orders and running several different machines simultaneously in a 5S environment. Experience in a warehouse pick/pack filfillment and
distribution environment. Machine Operator with positive attitude and a commitment to safety, quality, customer service and Jean manufacturing.
Skilled in exceeding sales goals and company expectations by expanding client base and maintaining high standards of customer service. Year
Experience in running a Aftermarket Radiator Company which duties included bookkeeping, working with excel, supervising a sales team to make
quality sales for our business and keeping a inventory on our parts. Very outgoing, friendly, hard worker and works well with others with a very
positive attitude.

Core Qualifications

Initiative to work independently Customer service Quality inspection Team building Excel spreadsheet Strong initiative Energetic work attitude
Outstanding customer service Active listening skills Strong communication skills Call center experience Strong organizational skills Strong
Organizational Skills Telecommunication skills Proper phone etiquette Opening/closing procedures Knowledgeable of quality Excellent
communication skills control standards Strong interpersonal skills

Experience
01/2002

Supervisor, Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Supervised and trained sales team.

Kept track of product inventory.

Filed documents for business.

Managed incoming and outgoing calls.

Scheduled and confirmed appomtments.

Communicated with other business and customers via phone and email.

Organized inventory and parts.

Quality controlled phone calls.

Created excel spreadsheets for inventory.

Organized weekly sales reports for the sales department to track product success.
Trained new employees.

Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff and clients via mail, e-mail and fax.
Generated sales and inventory reports in Excel.

Guaranteed positive customer experiences and resolved all.

Assisted customers with store and product complaints.

Accurately logged all daily shipping and receiving orders.

Executed outbound calls to existing customer base to increase in sales.

Generated leads for new sales through telephone and email contact with customers.
Processed merchandise retums and exchanges.

01/2002
Customer Service Rep Company Name 14 City , State

Consistently recognized by management for providing superior customer service.

Created repeat business by developing long-term relationships with regular customers.

Participated in various incentive programs and contests designed to support achievement of production goals.
Recognized as top sales generator, increasing sales levels.

Took daily inbound calls and key-entered orders, faxes, for customers.

Consistently met and exceeded department expectations for productivity and accuracy levels.

Regularly sought opportunities to up sell and add on additional products.

Provided accurate and appropriate information in response to customer inquiries.

Developed effective relationships with all call center departments through clear communication.

Built customer loyalty by placing follow-up calls for customers.

General Helper Machine Operator and Warehouse State

© Produced 100% quality products Shipped quality products Stored and filed company records Consistently generated additional revenue
through skilled sales techniques.

© Maintained accurate accounts including cash, mventory, and prepaid debit transactions.

© Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.

© Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and order Trained all new New Operators on safe and
efficient handling of machines.

© Used operational knowledge of systems, parts and components to solve problems that arose during assembly.

© Packed products to guarantee orders were shipped on-time.

© Packed and assembled many different company products Supervised and trained a sales team to meet company goals Answered customer
calls Cold called customers to offer additional products or services Contacted business and offered them new services for there business
Ran most of Hero Automotive everyday business operations which included paying bills, buying supplies, ordering products,answering calls,
