CORPORATE ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Over 15 years of increasingly responsible experience in general accounting, budgeting and reporting, fixed asset management, project management,

payroll and income tax preparation, and database administration. Eager to acquire a position in a prestigious organization, where I actively
participate in their enhancement and my education, professional experience, and skills become a positive feature to the company.

Capable Accountant successfull at managing multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge of
accounting software and processes.

Highlights
° Analytical reasoning
*SPC4 -B Co. 192nd Support Battalion (76P 10) - Logistics experience 1989-1992 ° Account reconciliation expert
© Budget forecasting expertise
* Acquaintance on SAGE, BANNER Financial, Infoview, SAP R3, SAP Business 1, FAS 500, e General ledger accounting
QuickBooks, Labor Trak, Ceridian, Paychex and ADP payroll systems, MAPICS (SyteLine- © *JSO9001 QMM Auditor,
manufacturing), Vertex (taxes), Outlook, Word, Excel, Power Point, Lync and Pro-series software. Crosby Certify and knowledge of
the full spectrum leadership
imperatives skills
Accomplishments
ERP Implementations
ADP (Payroll)
SAGE FAS (Fixed Assets)
Syteline (Manufacturing
Experience
Corporate Accountant Jan 2011 to Jun 2015
Company Name 14 City , State

© Implemented fixed assets internal controls create depreciation schedules, files, and monitor capital expenditures to ensure all projects are
completed within budget and in the time frame stipulated.

° Accountable for fixed assets capitalization, depreciation and amortization.

© Fixed assets software implementation - Project Lead, research software companies, compare and contrast the different options that was
suitable to company’s needs.

© Payrol-HRO module implementation support, set up conferences calls, prepared implementation presentation; training, prepared written
progress reports to management Create process and procedures for various aspect of accounting aligned to company guidelines.

© Responsible to analyze general ledger accounts to ensure financial statements are accurate and reliable.

© Review P & Laccounts and compare current to prior year and calculate % of over or under budget for decision making.

© Reconcile balance sheets account and ensure adjustments are properly posted.

Reduced closing time for monthly and quarterly close by 35% by implementing new consolidation procedures.Restructured and analyzed software
deficiencies to improve budget reporting. Aligned all fnancial activity with the regulations of the GAAP.Revised and streamlined inefficient work
procedures with automation software.

Senior Accountant/Analyst Jan 2010 to Jan 2011
Company Name 14 City , State

© Responsible to prepare several reports such as; Operating expense report, Sales report, Revenue, and COGS analysis report in which we
compare prior month and prior year data for decision making,

© Prepare the Gross Profit Inventory elimination (GPIE) report to ensure that we report the proper information in our financial statements as
per GAAP and company standards.

© Managed capital and non-capital projects; prepare fixed asset capitalization, fixed asset cycle count, review for impairment, retire assets as

needed and other related activities.

Responsible to create account reconciliation metric to monitor and improves process.

Assisted Cost Accountant with inventory management, annual cycle count, reconciling inventory data and adjustments.

Prepare AP payment package and audit invoice for possible errors.

Confirm month end Inter-company balances and ensures amount reported in BOFC agrees to our balance.

Review accounts receivable aging for possible past due and maintain communication with customers.

Post and reconcile daily cash transactions.

Accountant Jan 2003 to Jan 2010
Company Name 14 City , State
