STAFF ACCOUNTANT

Ss

Professional Accountant and Bookkeeper with 12 years of experience with accounts receivable and payable. Detail-oriented bookkeeping
professional with 3+ years experience applying financial and managerial accounting practices.

Skills

SAP, Great Plains Dynamics, Sage50, QuickBooks Pro, ACT, Microsoft Word, Excel (Pivot tables and VLook Up) Access, PowerPoint

Experience
Staff Accountant 09/2015 to 09/2017 Company Name City , State

Supported Regional Finance Manager with special projects and other responsibilities as assigned.

Handled monthly accrual process for 22 expense accounts.

Full responsibility for all fixed assets; maintained detailed depreciation schedules.

Conducted monthly reconciliations ofall balance sheet accounts to ensure their accuracy.

Reconciled 4 bank accounts (250+ transactions per month), researched and resolved all issues.

AP: Reviewed, processed and reconciled invoices ensuring timely payment (500+K monthly).

Monthly analysis of AP process Jed to an improved aging schedule and 20% increased cash flow.

AR: Receipt and posting ofall payments to ledger (SAP); Weekly analysis of AR process which led to an increased cash flow by 90% by

decreasing outstanding AR.

Assisted with internal audit by providing all necessary data to minimize billable hours.

© Streamlined accounting processes and nuintained appropriate documentation to improve procedures in accordance with company policies
and SOX compliance.

© Researched and resolved discrepancies as well as financial related inquiries.

© Performed month-end/year end close, financial statement preparation and budget variances and assisted management to resolve variances.

Staff Accountant 09/2012 to 12/2014 Company Name City , State

Worked closely under the supervision of the Controller and Director of Accounting,

Experience in GAAP accounting and monthly closing processes.

Researched and resolved financial inquiries ffom management at 48 campus locations.

Reconciliation of 40 bank accounts on a monthly basis.

Posted necessary monthly journal entries to the general ledger (Great Plains Dynamics).

Compiled and analyzed transactions primarily related to: cash, fixed assets, inventory & sales tax.

Liaison with extemal accounting firm during audits.

Processed accounts payable; including purchase order entry, invoice approval and entry, follow up with vendors, aging reporting,
Paid approximately 100,000K in finds via wire transfers to suppliers on a weekly basis.

Treasurer 01/2011 to Current Company Name City , State

© Implemented the accounting process, policies and procedures in accordance with US GAAP.
° Bank account maintenance and financial transactions oversight.

© Developed the annual budget and analyzed actual revenue and expenses against the budget.

° Kept the board informed of trends, concerns, assessments of organization financial health.

° Completion ofall financial reports in a timely manner and made available to the board.

Accounts Receivable/Audit Clerk 02/2009 to 08/2011 Company Name City , State

Researched and implemented a new remote deposit banking system.

Processed an average of 200 checks ona daily basis via a bank remote system.

Created and balanced several accounting spreadsheets.

Prepared and managed reports for executive management.

Posted month and year end journal entries.

Researched, verified and corrected the validity of account discrepancies.

Worked with various departments and built stronger working relationships organization wide.

Data Analyst Assistant 12/2006 to 10/2007 Company Name City , State

Project VPO: Assessed 2500 foreign accounts within a 6 month period.

Achieved and maintained a 90% Customer Satisfaction rating,

Verified and researched data for 500 Savings Bonds accounts on a daily basis.
Tracked and updated non-nationals accounts preventing over one million dollars in fines.
Indexed, verified and scanned 1200 IRA accounts on a monthly basis.

Keyed interest and tax ratesfor over 350 accounts holders daily.

Education and Training

Masters of Accounting May 2016 Nova Southeastern University City , State

Bachelors of Business Admmistration : Accounting August 2012 Florida Atlantic University City , State Accounting
Associates of Arts : Accounting May 2007 Wester Intemational University Online Accounting
