ACCOUNTANT

Ss

To obtain a challenging and rewarding accounting position that will permit the use of my skills, knowledge and education to maximize my fill
potential while developing additional knowledge and abilities

Highlights

SAP AS400 CAMS Microsoft Office Suite

Experience

01/2013 to 03/2014

Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Approved and set up new capital jobs into JDE Entering all new assets into JOE and CAMS (upon completion of job) Keeping track of
spending to ensure budget compliance Maintaining files for CIP and ensured proper documentation once job was completed.

2.

Finance Tag Working with admin managers to remain within budget relating to expenses Acting as a "go-to" person when questions and
concems arise Conducting monthly one-on-one meetings with admin managers and communicated any new policies that were to be
implemented.

3.

Purchasing Cards Conducted monthly audits of VISAA® purchasing cards Ensured compliance with established company policies Making
use tax entries when necessary on outside purchases.

4.

Other Various Duties Entered monthly journal entries and accruals Reconciled assigned balance sheets and collect/document all balance
sheets for LLC, Cargill Inc.

and GP Completed government reporting/compliance forms.

06/2012 to 12/2012
Campus Accountant Company Name i% City , State

1.

Managing Student Accounts Processed various forms of students payments including selfpayments, financial aid, military benefits and loans
Monitoring the aged trial balance and sending out statements regarding past due accounts Working with students on managing their tuition
balances and counseling regarding repayment options Charging correct tuition and other fees on student accounts and communicating with
students about current balances on accounts.

2.

Inventory Control Ordering books, uniforms and tool kits for each new phase start Passing out all required material and maintaining accurate
inventory using the just-in-time inventory method Requesting all instructor materials as needed Responsible with setting up new accounts and
inventory for new automotive program.

3.

Accounts Payable Coding invoices received by the campus Processing all manual check requests Creating all purchase orders for any new
orders.

4.

Various Other Accounting Duties Scheduling routine services Depositing monies in the company bank account Performing end of month
duties.

12/2010 to 05/2012
Staff Accountant Company Name 1% City , State

Sales and Use Tax- KS, MO and OK Developed and implemented a new strategy in collecting/reporting monthly taxes Trained associates
on new tax procedures Maintained responsibility for any necessary amended returns Worked closely with auditors during sales tax audits
Monitored invoices and work orders to ensure proper codes are used Accrued tax liability for use tax Closed tax accounts for end of
month/year.

2.

Fixed Assets Maintained responsibility for the rental side of the company including journal entries, inter-company transactions, depreciation,
estimates, warranties and all related reconciliations Worked closely with the accountants of the other entities to ensure that inventory control
is properly practiced and implemented Closed fixed asset account for end of month/year.

10/2008 to 11/2010
Senior Finance Associate Company Name 1% City , State

Invoice Processing Processed invoices for vendors as assigned Worked month statements ftom vendors Assisted with foreign vendors and
helped monitor the changing currency rates Monitored checks that were outstanding and followed up with the proper vendor.

2.

Warranties and Returns Ensured that all warranties and retums were properly processed.

Including matching the costs ofrepairs compared to what was authorized with the company, making any adjusting entries and reconciling
accounts.

3.

Assisted with new AP policy for payments Played an important role converting vendors to an ACH payment option in place of traditional
